DCKUBE-625: Provide guidance on how to appropriately scale Jira (#275)
atlassian/data-center-helm-charts: docs/docs/userguide/resource_management/RESOURCE_SCALING.md

      ```

!!!note "Initial cluster size"
      **Jira**, **Confluence**, and **Crowd** all require manual configuration after the first pod is deployed and before scaling up to additional pods, therefore when you deploy the product only one pod (replica) is created. The initial number of pods that should be started at deployment of each product is set in the `replicaCount` variable found in the values.yaml and should always be kept as 1.

>       For details on modifying the `cpu` and `memory` requirements of the `StatefulSet` see section [Vertical Scaling](#vertical-scaling-adding-resources) below. Additional details on the resource requests and limits used by the `StatfulSet` can be found in [Resource requests and limits](REQUESTS_AND_LIMITS.md).

Reviewer: I think this paragraph should be outside of the `Initial cluster size` section.

### Scaling Jira safely
At present there are issues relating to index replication with Jira when immediately scaling up by more than 1 pod at a time. See [Jira and horizontal scaling](../../troubleshooting/LIMITATIONS.md#jira-limitations-and-horizontal-scaling).

> !!!info "Before scaling your cluster"

Reviewer: This could be a `warning`?

>       Make sure there's at least one snapshot file in `<shared-home>/export/indexsnapshots`. New pods will attempt to use these files to replicate the index. If there is no snapshot present in  `<shared-home>/export/indexsnapshots` then [configure Jira for index snapshots](JIRA_INDEX_SNAPSHOT.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Make sure there's at least one snapshot file in `<shared-home>/export/indexsnapshots`. New pods will attempt to use these files to replicate the index. If there is no snapshot present in  `<shared-home>/export/indexsnapshots` then [create initial index snapshot].(JIRA_INDEX_SNAPSHOT.md)
```

      ```

!!!note "Initial cluster size"
      **Jira**, **Confluence**, and **Crowd** all require manual configuration after the first pod is deployed and before scaling up to additional pods, therefore when you deploy the product only one pod (replica) is created. The initial number of pods that should be started at deployment of each product is set in the `replicaCount` variable found in the values.yaml and should always be kept as 1.
      
For details on modifying the `cpu` and `memory` requirements of the `StatefulSet` see section [Vertical Scaling](#vertical-scaling-adding-resources) below. Additional details on the resource requests and limits used by the `StatfulSet` can be found in [Resource requests and limits](REQUESTS_AND_LIMITS.md).

### Scaling Jira safely
At present there are issues relating to index replication with Jira when immediately scaling up by more than 1 pod at a time. See [Jira and horizontal scaling](../../troubleshooting/LIMITATIONS.md#jira-limitations-and-horizontal-scaling).

!!!warning "Before scaling your cluster"

>       Make sure there's at least one snapshot file in `<shared-home>/export/indexsnapshots`. New pods will attempt to use these files to replicate the index. If there is no snapshot present in  `<shared-home>/export/indexsnapshots` then [create an initial index snapshot](JIRA_INDEX_SNAPSHOT.md)

Reviewer 2: I showed this to someone and they didn't understand the `indexsnapshots` is a directory. Can we make sure it's clear?

      ```

!!!note "Initial cluster size"
      **Jira**, **Confluence**, and **Crowd** all require manual configuration after the first pod is deployed and before scaling up to additional pods, therefore when you deploy the product only one pod (replica) is created. The initial number of pods that should be started at deployment of each product is set in the `replicaCount` variable found in the values.yaml and should always be kept as 1.
      For details on modifying the `cpu` and `memory` requirements of the `StatfuleSet` see section [Vertical Scaling](#vertical-scaling-adding-resources) below. Additional details on the resource requests and limits used by the `StatfulSet` can be found in [Resource requests and limits](REQUESTS_AND_LIMITS.md).

### Scaling Jira safely

> At present there are issues relating to index replication with Jira when immediately scaling up by more than 1 pod at a time. See [Jira and horizontal scaling](../../troubleshooting/LIMITATIONS.md#jira-limitations-and-horizontal-scaling).

Reviewer 2: Here it is: https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts/commit/c8c3ca77466bf5c10d550e10a9979aeaef962763

> At present there are issues relating to index replication with Jira when immediately scaling up by more than 1 pod at a time. See [Jira and horizontal scaling](../../troubleshooting/LIMITATIONS.md#jira-limitations-and-horizontal-scaling).

Author: @apawelczyk-atlassian If I try and use the cron expression `~* * * * * ?~` Jira tells me its not valid. I was only able to use this successfully `* * * * * ?` - as in run every minute. Does this make sense?

> At present there are issues relating to index replication with Jira when immediately scaling up by more than 1 pod at a time. See [Jira and horizontal scaling](../../troubleshooting/LIMITATIONS.md#jira-limitations-and-horizontal-scaling).

Reviewer 2: Yes, the tildes were a mistake when I copied the expression from my notes.

To overcome these issue you need to take the following approach:

* Using either the `declarative` or `impreative` approach scale the cluster by **1 pod only**
!!!warning "1 pod as a time!"
      
      Ensure you only scale up by 1 pod at a time!
  
* Make sure that the new pod is running and has a state of `Running` 
* Log into the Jira instance as the `admin` user via the service URL
* Navigate to `System` > `Troubleshooting and support tools`

> * Under the `Instance health` tab make sure that `Cluster Index Replication` has a green tick, for example:   

Reviewer: @apawelczyk-atlassian can you please review this document and especially this section? We need to provide a reliable way for customers to verify if the index is in a consistent state.

Reviewer 2: I found what the problem with "Cluster Index Replication" health check is: it takes at least two minutes to start showing any problems. It's because that's the maximum replication delay it allows. Can we tell admins to wait that long to make sure the health check hasn't failed?

For completely fresh nodes (ones for which the local home was just created and is empty) we could recommend accessing that pod directly and executing an issue search - if it doesn't return any results, the index is broken and there's no point in waiting for the health check.

Author: Do you think we should perform this check, including the Cluster Index Replication that is currently prescribed?

Author: On second thought maybe we avoid the Cluster Index Replication check completely:
https://jira.atlassian.com/browse/JRASERVER-72262

      1. There should be no errors on this page i.e.
      ![good-index](../../assets/images/good-index.png)
      1.  If there are errors (as seen below) perform a `Full re-index` before proceeding
      ![bad-index](../../assets/images/bad-index.png)
      1. Once the `Full re-index` is complete, scroll down to `Index Recovery` settings visible on the same page
      ![index-recovery-settings](../../assets/images/index-recovery-settings.png)
      1. Take note of the current settings
      1. Temporarly change these values (`Edit Settings`), as depicted in the screen shot below. The cron expression will create an index snapshot every minute
      ![edit-index-recovery-settings](../../assets/images/edit-index-recovery-settings.png)
      1. Wait for the snapshot to be created, by checking for an archive in `<shared-home>/export/indexsnapshots`
      1. Once the snapshot is available revert the settings noted in step 6. Consider keeping the index recovery feature enabled

Having followed the steps above, and ensured a healthy index is available, using either the `declarative` or `impreative` approach scale the cluster by **1 pod only**

> !!!warning "1 pod as a time!"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!!!warning "1 pod at a time!"
```
